wine.txt
Created Thu Jan 24 07:57:55 AKST 2013
Copyright (C) 2013 by Raymond E. Marcil <marcilr@gmail.com>


Wine - Wine Is Not an Emulator


Wine is a free and open source software application that aims to allow
applications designed for Microsoft Windows to run on Unix-like operating systems.
Wine also provides a software library, known as Winelib, against which developers
can compile Windows applications to help port them to Unix-like systems.[2]

Wine is a compatibility layer.  It duplicates functions of Windows by providing
alternative implementations of the DLLs that Windows programs call,[3] and a
process to substitute for the Windows NT kernel.  This method of duplication
differs from other methods that might also be considered emulation, where Windows
programs run in a virtual machine.[4]  Wine is predominantly written using
black-box testing reverse-engineering, to avoid copyright issues.[5]

The name Wine initially was an acronym for WINdows Emulator.[6]  Its meaning later
shifted to the recursive backronym, Wine Is Not an Emulator in order to
differentiate the software from other emulators.[7]  While the name sometimes
appears in the forms WINE and wine, the project developers have agreed to
standardize on the form Wine.[8]

wikipedia.org/


Links
=====
[1] "WineHQ - Wine Announcement". Retrieved 2012-06-16.
http://www.winehq.org/announce/1.4.1

[2] "Winelib". Wine HQ. Retrieved 29 June 2008.
http://wiki.winehq.org/Winelib

[3] "Wine architecture". Wine HQ. Retrieved 16 June 2012.
http://www.winehq.org/docs/winedev-guide/x2540

[4] "Is Wine an emulator? There seems to be disagreement."
http://wiki.winehq.org/FAQ#head-c9e6502ad636315e905d07f7e44594757a6738e3

[5] Mckenzie, James (26 December 2009). "Legal Issues". WineHQ Forums.
http://forum.winehq.org/viewtopic.php?p=37364#37364

[6] WINE FAQ Old meaning of the name even used until 1997
http://www.faqs.org/faqs/windows-emulation/wine-faq

[7] Wine Is Not an Emulator First proposal to change the meaning of the name WINE
http://groups.google.com/group/comp.os.linux.misc/msg/eb77fac360ad4a52?dmode=source

[8] "Why do some people write WINE and not Wine?". Wine Wiki FAQ. Official Wine Wiki. 7 July 2008.
Retrieved 13 July 2008.
http://wiki.winehq.org/FAQ?action=recall&rev=217#head-8b4fbbe473bd0d51d936bcf298f5b7f0e8d25f2e

Wine (software)
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wine_%28software%29
